straight as an arrow, super square, no fun ever.
I'm  a friendly guy, but don't push my buttons. Don't you do that.
You know, I'm trying real hard to keep myself to myself, but u r not gonna make that easy for me, r u, little man?
Oh, man. This thing's on its last legs.
U work with what u got, not what u hoped for.
Maybe she heard soething. Maybe she put two and two together.
U know, don't rule it out.
Hey, hey! Save me the speech.
They bought ur death. Don't give them ur dignity for free.
I can't roll the dice again.
Great minds think alike.

What part of NO u don't understand?
Both the N and the O
You'll get it, you r almost there.
If u really want this... you've got to play the game.
You guys don't get along?
Listen, man, I appreciate the invite but I've got to bounce.
Because, clearly, we're way in over our heads.
What makes u think u can talk to me?
Must be becz u r so approachable.
You, my friend, have a death wish.

You need to be well-versed in the data in order to visualize the data.
Jot down or scribble how you might visually demonstrate the current issue, no need to worry about submitting anything.

Hey, fellas.
Everybody good?
He didn't deserve that
I fly solo
Look at ur boy. sleepy night-night
Hey, you mind gining me a hand?
I don't think that subtitle was in my favor.
you wanna do it the hard way? let's go, then.
Hey, don't take the loss so hard. I mean, you did great.
Looking good, Agent Sterling! Hey, not looking so bad yourself.


Feel me here, little man.
So, I'm out there...
ya, saving the world, doing big things.

Can't save the world with a hug, wilson.
Hey, y'all need to ease out of my face right now.
That sounds plausible, and not like something you just made up.
Sounds a little Scooby-Doo, bro.
Huh, you're good.
Didn't see that coming, did you?
let's just pull over and talk it out.
That was tight.
Yep. It's official. I'm a fan.
Time to put your game face on.


Um, pardon me. offence is very much taken.
Let me know when you finish tooting your horn.

I'm gonna hold u to that promise

You're not cross, are you?
wealthy, but not stuffy
He was kind of austere

Do ur worst, I have seen every nightmare this galaxy has

I can live with it, I've got a thick skin.
